**Bridge over Jupiter** is a rehash of what I think was a very old Amstrad PC1512 game. I've trawled all the Amstrad
games in the [Video Games Museum](https://www.video-games-museum.com/en/sys/38-amstrad-cpc/3/all), but I haven't found
anything close. **Bridge-It** comes up as a suggestion when I search the internet, but that was a pseudo 3D game. The
game I remember involved a procession of little characters walking from left to right along a very tall bridge. I can
still visualise the little guys walking across my monochrome monitor and falling into gaps in the bridge. Perhaps I
just dreamt it! Perhaps it was one of those freebies that appeared in a magazine. Who knows? 

Anyway, if it did exist and it's not a figment of my imagination, here's my version moved into space. The original
Amstrad monitor was black and white, but I've gone with green on black as it just feels older.

## Version details

+ version %%_VERSION_%% [%%_BUILD_ID%%]
+ &copy; %%_BUILD_YEAR_%% %%_AUTHOR_%%

## Credits

### Images
With the exception of the space background, which was derived from the photograph referenced below, all images were
created by me.

+ Space background: derived from [Gulf of Mexico space photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/photo-of-outer-space-Q1p7bh3SHj8) by [NASA](https://unsplash.com/@nasa "NASA on Unsplash"); used under the [Unsplash license](https://unsplash.com/license "Unsplash License").

### Music and sound effects

All music and sound effects are generated by the JavaScript synthesiser which forms part of the HCJE Engine. The music 
is taken from part of the Jupiter movement from **The Planets** by Gustav Holtz.

## Privacy

No personal data is collected by the game and no cookies are used. Your browser's local storage is used to save your
best score. Use the factory reset button below if you want to clear the data.

Note that if you are accessing the site via a games hosting site such as Itch.io, that site may collect some data.
Refer to the hosting site's privacy information for details. 

